ladies I just had the pressure a touch
with Chelsea winning again today right
on top of the gold key but didn't deal
with it and it's knocked in by Osceola
at the back poach then liver Palo in
front the Nigerian has her second goal
for Liverpool from the set play and the
reigning champions league let's come out
by Murray when adversity was in the way
again
and then ducking
was traveling she just couldn't keep it
down
everyone except dowry back to defend it
from little Paul's point of view lifted
in my Christensen free had an Akita
Paris Manchester City level where second
goal for the club only city's second
goal of the wsl season but Nikita parish
online from Everton equalizes against
Liverpool was the right back Harris with
the throat dally
she Walla on side as the header a little
put back in front small scar driven
the new agent
place at the right time with her first
goal for the club and Liverpool lead
again he's Farah Williams was a
difficult one for the goalkeeper she
recovered it well sure Allah and Brooks
in the end delighted together
knock him off the head of honor Paris
what's a chance
Nikita Paris who's already got one with
a big opportunity to equalize again
liver port back to anyways
you